README.md, before:

# React-lerning

## Changes

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder
[react-create-app](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9a1ae851517f8581694737e991cd4b65f0dc2eb5) - create-react-app

[setting up project](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/dd356804e0f0a12c9f4d25e99670229d27340882) - add "npm run eject", module css, fonts and clean project

[add BurgerBuilder Container](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9c68e1a98f2de64d15b287f7303b7d85fd2f2bb5) - add BurgerBuilder Container, Layout and css

[add dynamic ingradient component](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9e0d69043c77939fc3b94e19fb0e327f0f9310d7) - add dynamic ingradient component

[add prop-types validation](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/adcb9ce1cf5ac3b2961f3cf2d8f6840af462821a) - add prop-types validation

[add outputting ingradients dynamacally](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/da9adb690ed2eef871fd13360989b1e1198996c5) - add outputting ingradients dynamacally

[calculate ingredients](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/df201e71682ea38928a079d3965c9d772ff27ec4) - calculate ingredients

[add build controller](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/463483d24d87de7f7a2c170e59cb14a5bf0cd315) - add build controller

[add buildcontrollers panel](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/50f6b0397a5864336cf42a7ebcaa97ff691584ec) - add buildcontrollers panel

[connecting state to build controller](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7d412272b92537864667c946b33a5d5d0f121a1c) - connecting state to build controller

[add removing ingredients](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/0044e44dcbee84f1afe9449f81b1e3114272451c) - add removing ingredients

[output totalprice](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7db673224be64c515795e8de683389805cb8931f) - output totalprice

[add order button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/ab85c3e45f6ed5730f6ce6a723e92dd82afeed19) - add order button

[add order modal summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/bcb4ae8a6c9f45ec0dcf71bcf2a6d1570bf10614) - add order modal summary

[show and hide order](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/ef618edef093fb93346b2788e21930a08615c2fe) - show and hide order

[add backdrop and styling](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/40087236abf0e262a3048b91a05c8bf1c7186f1c) - add backdrop and styling

[add custom button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/06c037950beb0ec874d40fa4140a86c38d37c087) - add custom button

[implementing button for order summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/58c5f56121e93e11b62f421fc468c250970f3a2d) - implementing button for order summary

[add price too order summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/5b458230e97fa58653cf71d41223d2d41a064cd3) - add price too order summary

[add toolbar](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/94389e9ed6e82ec99a757b12a46537e8af3ddfb1) - add toolbar

[add logo](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/68f0206181467eb1fdae14f9a06b25ed55d3c187) - add logo

[add navigation items](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/673b7e951c4e331d32f55a23e571dde11920a825) - add navigation items

#### 03.10.2018 — burger-builder
[add sideDrawer and fix css image](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/881e17fe0f1ab9a6f7a9eaad5f84f13a326933a2) - add sideDrawer and fix css image

[add media queries](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7db1ea74bc48b402e77b92c2a5ccd863396a04a7) - add media queries

[reusing backdrop](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/308aa63d31f8fb8fe28be2b81d2bcf6abea99056) - reusing backdrop

[add drawer toogle button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7e4cf21e105391843f9890c8c1c7e811d7814f67) - add drawer toogle button

[add lean button om menu](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/5a80757804f8f39fdc50905a81370919b321eaee) - add lean button om menu

[add lifecycle](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/92505a1f17d23a8335cb7ddeb87b93d5f9a012b0) - add lifecycle function to components and rewrite components to stateful

[change filestructure](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/1b05e4a5f20311dfb674f8a6f63d9377136af4d4) - change filestructure

#### 04.10.2018 — burger-builder
[creating axios instance](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/1e36169d9ad3f1e17603b72ca7e0e0d6520f7930) - creating axios instance

[post data to firebase](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/2964468e07c64fdc11854ce6a86147184fb141b4) - post data to firebase

[add spinner](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/db43080d4c836b7659e6c595813929be90308705) - add spinner

[add error handler](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/f8bfb253f67c5b104dac14f9e8bb251fed293776) - add error handler

[get data from backend](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/4ed39ed6b5134a822c85c0300bf95fd56e2568df) - get data from backend

[fix interceptors](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/772ef8b2177945bc21452c7dbd7e5e77d4e869ee) - fix interceptors

[build checkout container](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/3cb727f5d8cba228d1db1370a9ac3678ec236dc3) - build checkout container


## Learned

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder


### Definitions

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder


## Questions

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder

**There were no questions on this stage**

#### 04.10.2018 — burger-builder

**I don't quite understand how use interceptors**

Commit message:

Burger builder 08 10 2018 (#12)
* setting up routing and routes

* setting up routing and routes desc

* navigation to the checkout

* navigation to the checkout desc

* navigation back and next page

* navigation back and next page desc

* passing ingradients via query params

* passing ingradients via query params desc

* navigation to contact data

* navigation to contact data desc

* get data from order

* get data from order desc

* create orders page

* create orders page desc

* implement navigation link

* implement navigation link desc

* fetching orders

* fetching orders fix

* fetching orders fix desc

* outputting orders and fixes ishue with props

* fixes props

* fixes to props and outputing

* fixes to props and outputing desc

README.md, after:

# React-lerning

## Changes

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder
[react-create-app](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9a1ae851517f8581694737e991cd4b65f0dc2eb5) - create-react-app

[setting up project](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/dd356804e0f0a12c9f4d25e99670229d27340882) - add "npm run eject", module css, fonts and clean project

[add BurgerBuilder Container](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9c68e1a98f2de64d15b287f7303b7d85fd2f2bb5) - add BurgerBuilder Container, Layout and css

[add dynamic ingradient component](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/9e0d69043c77939fc3b94e19fb0e327f0f9310d7) - add dynamic ingradient component

[add prop-types validation](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/adcb9ce1cf5ac3b2961f3cf2d8f6840af462821a) - add prop-types validation

[add outputting ingradients dynamacally](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/da9adb690ed2eef871fd13360989b1e1198996c5) - add outputting ingradients dynamacally

[calculate ingredients](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/df201e71682ea38928a079d3965c9d772ff27ec4) - calculate ingredients

[add build controller](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/463483d24d87de7f7a2c170e59cb14a5bf0cd315) - add build controller

[add buildcontrollers panel](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/50f6b0397a5864336cf42a7ebcaa97ff691584ec) - add buildcontrollers panel

[connecting state to build controller](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7d412272b92537864667c946b33a5d5d0f121a1c) - connecting state to build controller

[add removing ingredients](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/0044e44dcbee84f1afe9449f81b1e3114272451c) - add removing ingredients

[output totalprice](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7db673224be64c515795e8de683389805cb8931f) - output totalprice

[add order button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/ab85c3e45f6ed5730f6ce6a723e92dd82afeed19) - add order button

[add order modal summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/bcb4ae8a6c9f45ec0dcf71bcf2a6d1570bf10614) - add order modal summary

[show and hide order](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/ef618edef093fb93346b2788e21930a08615c2fe) - show and hide order

[add backdrop and styling](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/40087236abf0e262a3048b91a05c8bf1c7186f1c) - add backdrop and styling

[add custom button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/06c037950beb0ec874d40fa4140a86c38d37c087) - add custom button

[implementing button for order summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/58c5f56121e93e11b62f421fc468c250970f3a2d) - implementing button for order summary

[add price too order summary](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/5b458230e97fa58653cf71d41223d2d41a064cd3) - add price too order summary

[add toolbar](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/94389e9ed6e82ec99a757b12a46537e8af3ddfb1) - add toolbar

[add logo](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/68f0206181467eb1fdae14f9a06b25ed55d3c187) - add logo

[add navigation items](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/673b7e951c4e331d32f55a23e571dde11920a825) - add navigation items

#### 03.10.2018 — burger-builder
[add sideDrawer and fix css image](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/881e17fe0f1ab9a6f7a9eaad5f84f13a326933a2) - add sideDrawer and fix css image

[add media queries](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7db1ea74bc48b402e77b92c2a5ccd863396a04a7) - add media queries

[reusing backdrop](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/308aa63d31f8fb8fe28be2b81d2bcf6abea99056) - reusing backdrop

[add drawer toogle button](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/7e4cf21e105391843f9890c8c1c7e811d7814f67) - add drawer toogle button

[add lean button om menu](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/5a80757804f8f39fdc50905a81370919b321eaee) - add lean button om menu

[add lifecycle](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/92505a1f17d23a8335cb7ddeb87b93d5f9a012b0) - add lifecycle function to components and rewrite components to stateful

[change filestructure](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/1b05e4a5f20311dfb674f8a6f63d9377136af4d4) - change filestructure

#### 04.10.2018 — burger-builder
[creating axios instance](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/1e36169d9ad3f1e17603b72ca7e0e0d6520f7930) - creating axios instance

[post data to firebase](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/2964468e07c64fdc11854ce6a86147184fb141b4) - post data to firebase

[add spinner](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/db43080d4c836b7659e6c595813929be90308705) - add spinner

[add error handler](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/f8bfb253f67c5b104dac14f9e8bb251fed293776) - add error handler

[get data from backend](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/4ed39ed6b5134a822c85c0300bf95fd56e2568df) - get data from backend

[fix interceptors](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/772ef8b2177945bc21452c7dbd7e5e77d4e869ee) - fix interceptors

[build checkout container](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/3cb727f5d8cba228d1db1370a9ac3678ec236dc3) - build checkout container

#### 08.10.2018 — burger-builder
[setting up routing and routes](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/c8ee265ea2a7b81ab9e93d62bcdb0b200a6a96ec) - setting up routing and routes

[navigation to the checkout](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/857d321dae14963f16d071a0da944ae30b8cc329) - navigation to the checkout

[navigation back and next page](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/740ae1815554403f10c8820ea3e9b961d01246b1) - navigation back and next page

[passing ingradients via query params](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/258d1fdd726b30b63dcd927fc32fa8e68268ea90) - passing ingradients via query params

[navigation to contact data](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/73c6e1b4d249dc207c8b54b9cb4506871369393c) - navigation to contact data

[get data from order](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/8c3e7f34ef4f801a6daf43c68a91ad3589cac49c) - get data from order

[create orders page](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/de29691b01bf46b22394eef414db499565fcb561) - create orders page

[implement navigation link](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/48e381a388fa044053329a08e6c664ef903ebcfe) - implement navigation link

[fetching orders fix](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/1652b260d4e93f210360bbb69d8c39f3d6fbd1cc) - fetching orders fix

[fixes props](https://github.com/Mikele11/React-lerning/commit/2cc8059beee9f838edf5a0aaf7965de1743fe3c3) - fixes props

## Learned

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder


### Definitions

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder


## Questions

#### 01.10.2018 — burger-builder

**There were no questions on this stage**

#### 04.10.2018 — burger-builder

**I don't quite understand how use interceptors**
